Added LCID Info page to task list (#1391)
CMSgov/easi-app: README.md

{ "Authorization":"Local {\"favorLocalAuth\":true}"}
```

> Additionally, you can add EUA job codes, for use when querying endpoints such as `systemIntake` that require them. The syntax is:

Reviewer: @downeyn-cms @ClayBenson94 Does this wording look good?

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like

```suggestion
Additionally, you can add a header that defines EUA job codes that will be used when querying endpoints such as `systemIntake` that require them. The syntax is:
```

Reviewer: How's the wording as of https://github.com/CMSgov/easi-app/pull/1391/commits/8d912e86e69c4a25e295294a35d33a2f3c32aa36 look?

Reviewer 2: Perfect!
